Practice quiz:

The following questions should be answered after completing v5 of the game
Rabbit Attack.

a. What is the first statement executed when the program is run?
	the start function to write the welcome statement

b. What happens if a player enters 'Yes' for to the question "Shall we 
   use the Holy Hand Grenade?"
	it kills the rabbit using the Holy Hand Grenade since you added the stuff

c. How many knights begin the attack?
	5

d. Which statement reduces the number of living knights by one?
 
	    num_knights -= 1

e. Suppose during game play you see the sentence, "All of the knights are 
   dead. You lose." What values are stored in the variables rabbit_is_alive, 
   use_grenade, and num_knights respectively at that point?

	rabbit_is_alive: true
	use_grenade: false
	num_knights: 0

f. Suppose during game play you see the sentence, "Goodbye. Thanks for playing!"
   What value is stored in the variable playing at that point?
	
	playing=flase

g. Suppose you play the game and your answers to the question "Shall we 
   use the Holy Hand Grenade?" are as follows:
   
		n, No, no, nope, yup, y
		
   How many knights died? should be- 2 knights died

h. Referring to question g - What are the values stored in rabbit_is_alive,
   use_grenade, and num_knights respectively after the last input?
	
	rabbit_is_alive: false
	use_grenade: true
	num_knights: 1

Make a copy of the program called rabbit_attack_v6.py.

i. Edit the confirm function so that it is not case sensitive. That is,
   answers such as Yes, YES, and yEs should all be treated the same.

        answer = answer.lower()


j. Compare this version to the original (v1). How would adding the features
   in part i have been more difficult if the game wasn't refactored
   to use a confirm function?

you'd have to go to each yes or no function individually but that's a struggle


k. List several function calls that could be used to 'unit test' your
   case-insensitive confirm function.

Yes YuP no nO NOpE

l. Explain how parts of your code become reusable because of refactoring.
   Describe another application where you may be able to use the confirm
   function in multiple instances.

You can reuse everything because it has start, play, while playing, can confirm 
the y/n question, and an end. It's all the same but you just would change the rules
in the play function. 

m. Make cool start and end screens using ascii art.
hahaha I did and it's pretty great
